D_undefined_var                pass
B_add                          pass
void_in                        pass
void_out                       pass
good                           pass
given_test                     FAIL (see outputs/given_test.diff for details)
array_correct                  pass
array_access_noindex           pass
array_notarray_index           pass
array_index_bad_type           pass
array_size_zero                pass
loops_valid                    pass
loops_valid_double             pass
loops_invalid                  pass
loops_invalid_if               pass
loops_invalid_func             pass
loops_invalid_cont             pass
loops_invalid_cont_func        pass
No memory leak found.
No uninitialized value found.
========================================
 NOTICE: THIS TESTSUITE IS INCOMPLETE.
YOU WILL BE GRADED ON OTHER TEST CASES.
        WRITE YOUR OWN TESTS!
